awx_collection/README.md, before:

# AWX Ansible Collection

This Ansible collection allows for easy interaction with an AWX or Ansible Tower
server in Ansible playbooks.

The previous home for this collection was in https://github.com/ansible/ansible
inside the folder `lib/ansible/modules/web_infrastructure/ansible_tower`
as well as other folders for the inventory plugin, module utils, and
doc fragment.

## Release and Upgrade Notes

The release 7.0.0 of the `awx.awx` collection is intended to be identical
to the content prior to the migration, aside from changes necessary to
have it function as a collection.

The following notes are changes that may require changes to playbooks.

 - Specifying `inputs` or `injectors` as strings in the
   `tower_credential_type` module is no longer supported. Provide as dictionaries instead.
 - When a project is created, it will wait for the update/sync to finish by default; this can be turned off with the `wait` parameter, if desired.
 - Creating a "scan" type job template is no longer supported.
 - `extra_vars` in the `tower_job_launch` module worked with a list previously, but is now configured to work solely in a `dict` format.
 - When the `extra_vars` parameter is used with the `tower_job_launch` module, the Job Template launch will fail unless `add_extra_vars` or `survey_enabled` is explicitly set to `True` on the Job Template.
 - tower_group used to also service inventory sources. tower_inventory_source has been split out into its own module.

## Running

To use this collection, the "old" tower-cli needs to be installed
in the virtual environment where the collection runs.
You can install it from either:

 - https://github.com/ansible/tower-cli/
 - https://pypi.org/project/ansible-tower-cli/

To use this collection in AWX, you should create a custom virtual environment
to install the requirement into. NOTE: running locally, you will also need
to set the job template extra_vars to include `ansible_python_interpreter`
to be the python in that virtual environment.

## Running Tests

Tests to verify compatibility with the most recent AWX code are
in `awx_collection/test/awx`. These tests require that python packages
are available for all of `awx`, `ansible`, `tower_cli`, and the collection
itself.

### Inside Development Container

The target `make prepare_collection_venv` will prepare some requirements
in the `awx_collection_test_venv` folder so that `make test_collection` can
be ran to actually run the tests. A single test can be ran via:

```
make test_collection COLLECTION_TEST_DIRS=awx_collection/test/awx/test_organization.py
```

### Manually

As a faster alternative if you do not want to use the container, or
run against Ansible or tower-cli source, it is possible to set up a
working environment yourself.

```
mkvirtualenv my_new_venv
# may need to replace psycopg2 with psycopg2-binary in requirements/requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements/requirements.txt -r requirements/requirements_dev.txt -r requirements/requirements_git.txt
make clean-api
pip install -e <path to your Ansible>
pip install -e <path to your tower-cli>
pip install -e .
PYTHONPATH=awx_collection:$PYTHONPATH py.test awx_collection/test/awx/
```

## Building

The build target `make build_collection` will template out a `galaxy.yml` file
with automatic detection of the current AWX version. Then it builds the
collection with the `ansible-galaxy` CLI.

## Roadmap

Major future development items on the agenda include:

 - Removing tower-cli as a dependency
 - Renaming the modules, for example `tower_organization` to just `organization`
   and giving a deprecation period for the switch

## Licensing

All content in this folder is licensed under the same license as Ansible,
which is the same as license that applied before the split into an
independent collection.

Commit message:

Updates to config file loading
Now supports json or yaml

Depricated multiple k=v on a single line

awx_collection/README.md, after:

# AWX Ansible Collection

This Ansible collection allows for easy interaction with an AWX or Ansible Tower
server in Ansible playbooks.

The previous home for this collection was in https://github.com/ansible/ansible
inside the folder `lib/ansible/modules/web_infrastructure/ansible_tower`
as well as other folders for the inventory plugin, module utils, and
doc fragment.

## Release and Upgrade Notes

The release 7.0.0 of the `awx.awx` collection is intended to be identical
to the content prior to the migration, aside from changes necessary to
have it function as a collection.

The following notes are changes that may require changes to playbooks.

 - Specifying `inputs` or `injectors` as strings in the
   `tower_credential_type` module is no longer supported. Provide as dictionaries instead.
 - When a project is created, it will wait for the update/sync to finish by default; this can be turned off with the `wait` parameter, if desired.
 - Creating a "scan" type job template is no longer supported.
 - `extra_vars` in the `tower_job_launch` module worked with a list previously, but is now configured to work solely in a `dict` format.
 - When the `extra_vars` parameter is used with the `tower_job_launch` module, the Job Template launch will fail unless `add_extra_vars` or `survey_enabled` is explicitly set to `True` on the Job Template.
 - tower_group used to also service inventory sources, this functionality has been removed from this module; instead use tower_inventory_source.
 - Specified tower_config file used to handle k=v pairs on a single line. This is no longer supported. You may a file formatted in: yaml, json or ini only.

## Running

To use this collection, the "old" tower-cli needs to be installed
in the virtual environment where the collection runs.
You can install it from either:

 - https://github.com/ansible/tower-cli/
 - https://pypi.org/project/ansible-tower-cli/

To use this collection in AWX, you should create a custom virtual environment
to install the requirement into. NOTE: running locally, you will also need
to set the job template extra_vars to include `ansible_python_interpreter`
to be the python in that virtual environment.

## Running Tests

Tests to verify compatibility with the most recent AWX code are
in `awx_collection/test/awx`. These tests require that python packages
are available for all of `awx`, `ansible`, `tower_cli`, and the collection
itself.

### Inside Development Container

The target `make prepare_collection_venv` will prepare some requirements
in the `awx_collection_test_venv` folder so that `make test_collection` can
be ran to actually run the tests. A single test can be ran via:

```
make test_collection COLLECTION_TEST_DIRS=awx_collection/test/awx/test_organization.py
```

### Manually

As a faster alternative if you do not want to use the container, or
run against Ansible or tower-cli source, it is possible to set up a
working environment yourself.

```
mkvirtualenv my_new_venv
# may need to replace psycopg2 with psycopg2-binary in requirements/requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements/requirements.txt -r requirements/requirements_dev.txt -r requirements/requirements_git.txt
make clean-api
pip install -e <path to your Ansible>
pip install -e <path to your tower-cli>
pip install -e .
PYTHONPATH=awx_collection:$PYTHONPATH py.test awx_collection/test/awx/
```

## Building

The build target `make build_collection` will template out a `galaxy.yml` file
with automatic detection of the current AWX version. Then it builds the
collection with the `ansible-galaxy` CLI.

## Roadmap

Major future development items on the agenda include:

 - Removing tower-cli as a dependency
 - Renaming the modules, for example `tower_organization` to just `organization`
   and giving a deprecation period for the switch

## Licensing

All content in this folder is licensed under the same license as Ansible,
which is the same as license that applied before the split into an
independent collection.
